[Applause]
the blood feud between cardi B and Nicki
Minaj now you may know cardi B threw a
shoe at Nicki Minaj during Fashion Week
in New York which is also how the Tupac
biggie feud got started that was in
September now their latest dispute as I
understand it is over a song they
recorded together called Motorsport on
which they collaborated with quavo from
migos Gilmore you're following this a
little bit okay alright so lot to know
here but cardi B took the feud to
Instagram and I mean she really took
this feud to Instagram this is her
Instagram feed from last night at 11
videos each one of these videos has more
viewers than the finale of friends by
the way apparently disagreement occurred
over cardi B choice of verse on the song
they did together which cardi B claims
she tried to resolve by calling Nicki on
the phone but Nicki didn't answer the
phone but cardi B has the receipts to
prove she called I was not feeling are
you talking about all if cardi that you
be I'm Nick Lombardi following it over
to my son go sit on a party
you not my coach because you never help
me to get in this career and I'm nothing
like you
so you'd I'm definitely not your son I'm
a real ass person you not so out of here
and I called you that night oh and I got
the receipts babe this was your number I
called you twice and you didn't answer
that was Nicki Minaj's phone number it
isn't anymore but let's go through some
of those other names because we got pay
pay the Vaught you know what that is
it's that PO over there I learned that
today what else do we have
boy hub party there these are are these
people our new Teletubbies which
thankfully they called the truce for the
time being and I don't know who's right
and who is in here so we thought it
might be a good idea to ask an impartial
jury so we went to the farmers market
and ask some of our wiser and elder
individuals to tell us who they with
Nicki Minaj or cardi B we're talking to
people about the big feud in America
going on that's with Nicki Minaj and
cardi B whose side are you on
I have absolutely no idea what you're
talking whose side are you on about feud
I'll tell you the true I'm not familiar
with this single when you were young did
rappers used to fight like this we
didn't have rappers when I was here what
the hell
we just had songs people saying but you
didn't have rappers when I was young
[Music]
thoughts I don't have any thought
they're talking to people about the feud
between Nicki Minaj and cardi big give
this a listen
[Applause]
yeah that's Nicki Minaj and that's cardi
B Oh is she the girl what I can do I
would love to say yeah
listen people that feud it's a waste of
energy life is meant to be enjoyed
I think they say in America get a life I
absolutely have nothing I would want to
do with that absolutely I throw it in
the garbage can you couldn't dance to it
hey you're looking at an old guy I don't
do that kind of stuff that's not in my
ballpark at all all right can I get you
just stand on your head real quick I
think I've done you guys
they copy in the next oh hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel and this is the Internet I
made it myself
hit subscribe if you liked it